>> Josh Long: Okay, my friends.
Well, hopefully that kind of
gets you where you needed to go.
Hopefully, if you didn't know
Spring before you do now.
Hopefully you can see the possibilities.
We've spent only a little
bit of time together.
I wish we had a lot more time in
which we could like hang out and
kind of answer questions or whatever.
But yeah, I think we did it.
We did pretty good.
We start off with the basics.
We did a desk check.
We looked at the things you need
to be efficient in any context.
We looked at building
Spring apps writ large.
We did a quick exercise there.
We looked at beans and auto configuration
and how Spring's component model works.
We then looked at how to make
that really efficient and
ruthlessly scalable with GRAALVM and
virtual threads.
We then looked at how to do bread and
butter data access with Spring data and
the Spring ecosystem there.
Then we looked at how to do all the things
you'd ever wanna do on the back end of
an HTTP request, including GRPC,
GraphQL, hypermedia, REST and so on.
And then of course, we looked today at.
I don't even remember.
We looked at integration.
We looked at Kafka.
We looked at building AI stuff.
We looked at security and passkeys and
webauthn and one time tokens and
magic links.
And what else did we do today?
Anybody remember?
We did a good exercise this morning.
That was a lot of fun.
It's been a journey.
I think we got somewhere though.
It's been fun.
I hope you had some fun.
I hope you learned something.
And as usual,
I'm very happy to take questions now.
And you know, eventually I have to go
home and see that terrible, terrible dog.
I can't wait.
Thank you.